DEVDOCS-6261: [update] add visitor IDs to session sync (#824)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/storefront/headless/index.mdx

</Tab>
</Tabs>

### Persisting analytics session IDs 

> The GraphQL API now supports passing a visitor ID in session sync mutations, enhancing tracking consistency across different contexts. The visitor ID acts as a unique identifier that links a user's activity across multiple sessions, ensuring that analytics session IDs remain persistent as users move across various parts of the storefront and other digital touchpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL API supports including a visitor ID when creating a session sync JWT using `generateSessionSyncJwt` mutation, enhancing tracking consistency across different contexts. The visitor ID acts as a unique identifier that links a user's activity across multiple storefronts, ensuring that analytics session IDs remain persistent as users move across various parts of the storefront (e.g. Catalyst to Stencil) and other digital touchpoints.
```
